this is strictly in 60 seconds your
Superbus guide to all the weekends
action a Halloween fest is founded on
the Strictly Ballroom this route as our
11 couples that capsule there were
drinks I thought the concept was
absolutely great Brendan fantastic work
country throughout with a few
frightening performances you coped with
the wardrobe malfunctions quite well
though they were did it throw you one
that's why I left the judges stone cold
moments of Mills and Boon and moments of
Miller's on wills it was everyone dance
their hearts out but for one couple
their presence in the ballroom had to be
exercised Nancy Anne and all the
strictly pork has hit off the laps hard
and no one wants to leave now make sure
you keep up to date throughout the week
on Facebook Twitter and the official
strictly fan blog